Add guide on optimizing indexing performance by analyzing batch stats (#3383)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/indexing/optimize_indexing_performance.mdx

The `progressTrace` field within the batch object offers a detailed breakdown of where time is spent during the indexing process. By analyzing this data, you can identify bottlenecks and adjust configuration settings to improve indexing speed.

## Understanding the `progressTrace`

The `progressTrace` is a hierarchical trace showing each phase of indexing and how long it took.
Each entry follows the structure:

```json
"processing tasks > indexing > extracting word proximity": "33.71s"
```

This means:

- The step occurred during **indexing**.
- The subtask was **extracting word proximity**.
- It took **33.71 seconds**.

Your goal is to focus on the **longest-running steps** and understand which index settings or data characteristics influence them.

## Key phases and how to optimize them

### Document processing

| Trace key | Description | Optimization |
|------------|--------------|--------------|
| `computing document changes`, `extracting documents` | Meilisearch compares incoming documents to existing ones. | No direct optimization possible. The duration scales with the number and size of incoming documents.|

### Filterable attributes

> | Trace key | Description | Optimization |

Reviewer: What do you think about using a list instead of a single row table? Like what we do for the instance options: https://www.meilisearch.com/docs/learn/self_hosted/configure_meilisearch_at_launch#configuration-file-path

It's not super important and feel free to push back on this, but lists are easier to maintain than tables because of all the formatting markdown tables require.

| `post processing facets > facet search` | Builds structures for the [facet search API](/reference/api/facet_search). | If you don’t use the facet search API, [disable it](/reference/api/settings#update-facet-search-settings).|

### Embeddings

| Trace key | Description | Optimization |
|------------|--------------|--------------|
| `writing embeddings to database` | Time spent saving vector embeddings. | - Use smaller embedding vectors when possible. <br/>- You can avoid recomputing embeddings on document update by  [disabling embedding regeneration](/reference/api/documents#vectors). <br/>- Consider enabling [binary quantization](/reference/api/settings#binaryquantized) for your embedders. |

### Word prefixes and post-processing

| Trace key | Description | Optimization |
|------------|--------------|--------------|
| `post processing words > word prefix *` | Builds prefix data for autocomplete. Allows to match documents that begin with a specific query term, instead of only exact matches.| Disable [**prefix search**](/reference/api/settings#prefix-search) (`prefixSearch: disabled`) if not required. <br/> Note that this can severely impact search result relevancy. |

> | `post processing words > word fst` | Builds the word FST (finite state transducer). | No direct action possible, as it depends on the number of different words in the database. Fewer searchable words can improve speed. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `post processing words > word fst` | Builds the word FST (finite state transducer). | No direct action possible, as FST size reflect the number of different words in the database. Using documents with fewer searchable words may improve operation speed. |
```

## Example analysis

If you see:

```json
"processing tasks > indexing > post processing facets > facet search": "1763.06s"
```

> The [facet search feature](/learn/filtering_and_sorting/search_with_facet_filters#searching-facet-values) is consuming significant time. If your application doesn’t use it, disable it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Facet searching](/learn/filtering_and_sorting/search_with_facet_filters#searching-facet-values) is raking significant indexing time. If your application doesn’t use facets, disable the feature:
```

```
client.index('INDEX_NAME').updateFacetSearch(false);

> ```

Reviewer: Can you make this a curl example so it's a bit more language agnostic?
